# Compass Flash Messages

A simple [Compass](http://compass-style.org/) extension that provides easy and attractive styling for flash messages. And, c'mon, who among us doesn't like easy _and_ attractive?

## Installation

### Now

1. Download the tagged archive
1. Extract the archive's content to `<compass_project_root>/extensions/flash-messages`
1. Navigate to your Compass project root
1. Install

        $ compass install flash-messages

    You should see something like this:

        exists sass
        exists ../img
        create ../img/success.png
        create ../img/info.png
        create ../img/warning.png
        create ../img/error.png
        create ../img/validation.png
        exists ../css

The paths may vary and you'll see additional output, but the gist is that five (5) images were installed in the images directory configured in the `images_dir` value of your `config.rb` file.

### Soon

A gem-based install.

## Usage

The extension includes both default classes and mixins. If you're okay with using the default classes--they're semantic--you can just do this:

    ... existing layout/page content ...
    
    <div class="(success|info|warning|error|validation)">
      This is an important (success|info|warning|error|validation) message your users need to see
    </div>
    
    ... existing layout/page content ...
		
If you desperately want or need to use non-standard class names, you can just throw the mixins at the appropriate class name and decorate the mixin's style block with whatever you'd like:

    /** In your custom style sheet */
    @import flash-messages
    
    .my-custom-success-style
      +success
      // additional styling as desired
    
    #my-custom-error-block
      +error
      // additional styling as desired
    
    <!-- In your markup -->
    ... existing layout/page content ...
    
    <div class="my-custom-success-style">
      Your flash message success content here
    </div>
    
    <div id="my-custom-error-block">
      Your flash message error content here
    </div>
		
    ... existing layout/page content ...

## Credits & Screenshots

I revere good design, much less great design. Unfortunately, I can't design my way out of a wet paper bag. I wish it weren't so, but it's the ugly truth. 

The visual design generated by this extension is <strike>stolen from</strike> in homage to [Janko Jovanovic](http://www.jankoatwarpspeed.com/page/about-me.aspx) and his work as detailed in his blog article, [CSS Message Boxes for Different Message Types](http://www.jankoatwarpspeed.com/post/2008/05/22/CSS-Message-Boxes-for-different-message-types.aspx). All I did was translate them to SASS and apply them as a Compass extension. The real work is his and the credit belongs there too.

The icons, as he also mentions in the linked post, are from the [Knob Toolbar Icon](http://itweek.deviantart.com/art/Knob-Buttons-Toolbar-icons-73463960) collection.